Yu Yan has invaded the city of my family in the past 18 years
A hundredfold return today
That's impossible.
In this world, no one can compete with me
Unless unless you have a private act first
That's where I've never been.
How can a woman
Could it be that
Is the eunuch under the power of the fifth layer?
It turns out that women are not necessarily inferior to men.
How dare you ruin my cultivation
This bitch, how dare you
All these years you've treated the woman next door like a slave
wanton killing
I want you to understand today
Those who deceive will be deceived
Our whole life is about being free from bondage
Find your true self
Now the chance to break free from the silt is right in front of you
Who is coming?
We don't practice much
There are no thousands of weapons in the world
Nothing is more than your beliefs
Faith is there, why do you need foreign things?
Ming Zhao Ding Tianyuan thirteenth year
Lin Yan killed the female fetus in your womb
Have you forgotten this hatred?
You killed my daughter
Today I will make you pay with blood
Lin Ruonan Tianyuan 15 years
If you don't follow him, you will kill all 13 of your family
Don't you hate him?
I look forward to Lin Yan every day and hate the street
You pay homage to the souls of three dead doctors in my family
Today I will surely get my wish
Well played well played
And me, and me.
And there are two two
Rebellion is just rebellion
Someone is coming, catch me
No one can judge me
Aoxue Lin
You forced me
Uh-huh.